Richelle Direny: To pinch him up.
Richelle Direny: Hey,
Richelle Direny: What's going on, how was your weekend.
Brock Simmons: Good good size Tammy passed away. I don't know if you heard
Richelle Direny: No, I thought she was going, she was coming out of the woods in
Brock Simmons: Us that day that we had groups I missed group last week.
Brock Simmons: I don't know what happened. She passed. Well that day last Thursday. She has
Richelle Direny: A group.
Brock Simmons: You have the same day as a group. Yes, she had passed that morning and time just got away from me and it was like 730 or no, it was like 830 and I realized I had missed so much going on and it's just a hectic day but
Brock Simmons: But other than that, things don't really good
Richelle Direny: Oh, because when I'm
Richelle Direny: Alone.
Richelle Direny: I know that when when we spoke last week that I remember you had asked for Yana was in group. And I said, Yeah, but she didn't mention anything and I didn't think maybe at the time it was appropriate for me to ask, like in the middle.
Brock Simmons: You know, kind of
Richelle Direny: Body, so I didn't ask and then today. I was like, You know what, I don't know. I know. Tammy wasn't doing good. I knew you guys are all family, friends, and if that was the case. You know, I didn't want to really bother anyone
Brock Simmons: I don't
Richelle Direny: Forget to kind of group for me, not a group session.
Brock Simmons: I did call you. I don't know if you can see that I tried to call you that evening for like five minutes, but never picked up. So I just wanted that and
Richelle Direny: You know,
Richelle Direny: There was one day, if not call came in and I wasn't, you know, one
Brock Simmons: Yeah, that was
Richelle Direny: A minute. I was a little confused.
Richelle Direny: Like what, what is this. I was so confused.
Brock Simmons: I try to get ahold of the people went to digital last but it's but I can't ever get some guys to pick up and it takes like a half hour for me to pick up. So I started, I go ahead and try to call you to see if I can make that up because I had realized that
Richelle Direny: You should have sent me a message. Did you send me a message right after
Brock Simmons: I need your phone number, because I don't have it no more and
Richelle Direny: You even said, I did, I did see someone caught and I was so confused by the call.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, let me. That way I can just get in touch with you directly and anything
Richelle Direny: What's your area code.
Brock Simmons: 41919419. No, it's actually 567-303-7925. That's my new number number. I got a new phone.
Richelle Direny: So that's the number you call me from that day.
Brock Simmons: No, I called you, from you this year from this zoom I call directly authors.
Richelle Direny: Oh, no, no. Okay, so, you know, okay, so you know how I send you a text messages.
Brock Simmons: Right, right.
Richelle Direny: That's the number you call that 561 number
Brock Simmons: You haven't sent me messages in a while though.
Well done.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Brock Simmons: Lesson number 51673037935 you had wrote it down last week or the week before, and I'm not too sure what she did with it after that.
Richelle Direny: No. Okay.
Richelle Direny: I think I updated it in the system when I
Brock Simmons: Yeah, they were supposed to update is in the system and they never did.
Richelle Direny: Okay, coming. If you got it.
Brock Simmons: What is it
Richelle Direny: I just sent you a message.
Brock Simmons: Okay, my wife actually has the phone downstairs. I'm up in a little room that we created all this, but I'll get if you send it all happened.
Richelle Direny: I just said, Hi This is Michelle.
Richelle Direny: So that's the because I to say, to tell you the number off the top of my head. I don't. So that's why I texted you. So you could just send it
Richelle Direny: You could just call that number but but yes if it was that same day that she passed because the thing is, I know.
Richelle Direny: That, um, I think it was either you or someone else or Tammy or Rihanna had said something to me. So I kind of told them with bright heart. And so one of the care coordinators contacted spoke with her daughter.
Richelle Direny: My daughter said that she that she had the home she had to make the decision to pull the plug.
Richelle Direny: So wait, when you said that she's coming out of the woods. I was like, Oh, that's a big turnaround because that's
Brock Simmons: What
Brock Simmons: Does a sunny, which is so daughter sunny. He gave us that are things looking up and take off of that ventilator. And then she was breathing on their own at that time.
Brock Simmons: So I'm not sure what happened from the time that they pulled the plug. I know my wife's taking things really good friends, and we and we can't get ahold of me at all. Was she had
Richelle Direny: She had Ruby was, she was you had you had asked that because you came to the six o'clock group right
Richelle Direny: Is burning group you are
Richelle Direny: Well, she she was, she
Richelle Direny: Now you have me thinking.
Brock Simmons: BUT WE COULDN'T GET AHOLD OF HER TO FIND OUT BECAUSE WE HEARD IT THIS in somebody else's she had passed, but then we finally
Richelle Direny: Wasn't
Richelle Direny: She wasn't
Brock Simmons: She got it.
Richelle Direny: Because
Brock Simmons: A lot of go to the hospital and see often. I think that is bullshit.
Brock Simmons: That's that's the US that
Richelle Direny: So how is the daughter. How are you guys holding up because I know with everything with the coven AND THEY'RE LIMITING people from coming in and being able to get their family members to be able to have a burial.
Brock Simmons: Where they got it on hold right now that way. Hopefully I don't know why keep until May 1 because we're not at this stage one open back up and papers.
Brock Simmons: But our they're going to keep her cold that long. I'm not for sure but Sonny's one delay and have a little get together may 1 or second somewhere around that time.
Richelle Direny: The body as long as they can hold a body. Oh, that's
Brock Simmons: A heard. Yeah, I think that's
Richelle Direny: Put them in a refrigerator and
Richelle Direny: Them is long and I'm because I thought the same thing.
Richelle Direny: They could hold them into a real long time and so
Brock Simmons: You know, really good. I mean, my wife took a harder than Thursday, Friday, it's tough, but other than that.
Brock Simmons: I mean it happens.
Brock Simmons: I'm just upset that people's loved ones are up here at the hospital and they're sick and they didn't allow people to come in and see him. I don't see how they get away with us.
Richelle Direny: I get you know what they're looking at it from the standpoint of it seems cold hearted. It seems wrong.
Richelle Direny: How can you do it, but then you're putting other
Richelle Direny: You're putting yourself at risk because if you know you come and you see me and I have exposed for covert or what have you.
Richelle Direny: Write what you just want to see me. But now you just got exposed. Now you're going out you're exposing your family and everybody else that's out there.
Richelle Direny: So they're looking at it from that standpoint, so
Richelle Direny: from an emotional standpoint, we're going to look at it like, How dare you, because that's our emotional we're looking through the lens of our emotion in comparison to looking through the lens.
Richelle Direny: Of, you know, what can spin out of that, um, I would only assume if it was a child, it was, it would have been different.
Brock Simmons: Right, I understand. I just thought, oh, it's just sad for them. I mean, they lay up there.
Brock Simmons: That's that's sad really sad.
Richelle Direny: And that's my one. I wonder if like people, you know, outside of them being ill inside of everything going on. Um, I wonder if what accelerates it or
Richelle Direny: Is this is just my mind I and I always say, I'm not a professional, you know, depression sets in loneliness sets in, you get like all of that. So when you're you somewhat give up because, just think about if you're
Richelle Direny: You're who you live alone and no one comes to see you and you're always alone, what's gonna happen.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. It's sad. I don't know.
Brock Simmons: That's where I was grieving the most is set up there all by itself. That's where I was taking me I don't I don't want my worst enemy to die like that, you know, this is what
Brock Simmons: It's over with. Now, I mean she chose to do things that she knew was for killers, so
Brock Simmons: All the way up until the time she died. I guess for crystal meth. So I don't know how true that is that's just what we've been told.
Brock Simmons: I don't
Richelle Direny: Know why right now it's you know room. You're going to hear all kinds of things.
On
Richelle Direny: And that's it. Like I was talking to someone else. The other day, I mean, today I'm even if it's true what what is what. What purpose does that information.
Brock Simmons: Service rather
Brock Simmons: Purpose at all right.
Richelle Direny: It's there's no purpose. Okay. She did okay whatever she's still gone
Richelle Direny: So I think at this point, it's just remembering, you know, the good times that you had with her the memories of her
Richelle Direny: Her hurting daughter her hurting grandchildren, because you know
Yeah.
Brock Simmons: That was actually that's not her real daughter, she never had kids, she wanted kids all her life. And she ended up raising Sony. So since she was a baby and so brother's daughter.
Richelle Direny: But she critically her nice
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's I'm sure that was her daughter and I'm sure that that's my mom.
Richelle Direny: Absolutely. So, you know, regardless of what it is, it's, it's still a loss, it's, it's a loss. It's a friend that you lost. Um, and, you know, so it kind of sets the like segue into to this.
Richelle Direny: For you thinking about
Richelle Direny: As you're saying, for a moment, taking what you know about Tammy what little that you may know, or what little that you can information that you know in the things that she's done and somewhat
Richelle Direny: Allow it to be a mirror to your life.
Richelle Direny: Like you said, the statement is, well, you know, she did things
That
Richelle Direny: Would have accelerated this process, you understand
Brock Simmons: Right. Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: So it, take it in marry yourself and saying, You know what, Brock, this is a, a friend, a sister. This is someone that was close to our family.
Richelle Direny: Right now, she's gone. There is no turning around, she started her journey. But as soon as she started her journey. Her journey ended.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: So you have to think of it like that. Like I know someone who I'm literally. He was in his
Richelle Direny: 80s, I think it was. Yeah, he was in his 80s.
Richelle Direny: And he was a late 80s, maybe going into 90 but he was an alcoholic.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: And Karen tell you what kept him alive.
Brock Simmons: What's that love
Brock Simmons: Well,
Richelle Direny: Because he did it so much.
Richelle Direny: Right, that his body. When the the he I guess he fell and something, how I hear the story is that he felt and in him falling. They knew something was wrong. His wife knew something was wrong with him because he wouldn't drink.
Richelle Direny: And so because he had stopped drinking in the few days he stopped to
Richelle Direny: Stop drinking his body probably started reacting to all of it now his body started to fall apart.
Richelle Direny: And then eventually he passed away. So it's kind of, I mean, I don't know what Tammy story is, and I don't know how long she's been on the drug or whatever the situation is
Richelle Direny: But do you take that just taking these little itty bitty information from other people and just think about yourself insane. Life is short.
Richelle Direny: No matter how long we think it is life is
Richelle Direny: Short things that can accelerate
Richelle Direny: The process is the things that we engage in
Richelle Direny: Hmm.
Brock Simmons: I said, Exactly. I've, I've been thinking about it. Ever since terms, that means every day. I've been thinking about it.
Brock Simmons: So it's definitely. I mean, I've been doing good. I haven't been relapse or anything like that. Knock on wood, but yeah, I think about two things all the time. I mean, just
Richelle Direny: Be see
Brock Simmons: What I have no hang on to the smallest don't sweat the small stuff.
Richelle Direny: Don't do this.
Brock Simmons: Stuff right
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and it's small, um, you know, you have like your wife, you have your children that are home and then your children that are out of the home.
Richelle Direny: On that. That's a big like that family is grieving this individual, and whatever that in the grief that you see is nothing compared to what they experienced behind closed doors.
Richelle Direny: So, you know, for you. It's just, I'm processing that for for
Brock Simmons: Right. So if you want to make a note we put in your computer. I don't tell whoever's in charge it
Richelle Direny: Will Natalie. I just want Natalie, because I know she had cushy I didn't choir.
Brock Simmons: Yes, yeah. Ball. Yeah, she is going. That's what's really mind blowing, is that we got the good news is, she was one of the portal and all sudden it just was like a smack in the face that she had already passed. So it's something took a turn, whatever it was. I don't know what happened but
Brock Simmons: He's in a band now.
Richelle Direny: He's in a place no more pain.
Brock Simmons: But only and I did watch the video Jackie.
Brock Simmons: I can't forget what other name is jack
Richelle Direny: Peri Peri Jackie Perry.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Jackie, Barry. I did watch that video live
Brock Simmons: I liked it and she has a good influence on things like I've actually watched to
Brock Simmons: Pass that one and watched another one because it kind of gave me the chills on some of the stuff you will talk about
Brock Simmons: She makes you want to try them here. Some of the stuff she talks about. It's really touched me this. I've actually I like a lot. I'm trying to get my wife and watching me, but she shiny daughter yeah but she'll come up with wine.
Richelle Direny: Hold on.
Brock Simmons: You have a good weekend.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, hold on. One moment. Okay.
Yeah.
Brock Simmons: Hey,
Richelle Direny: Sorry about that little one, he wanted. He has like a little Wi Fi phone that he plays game or whatever. So they wanted it. I'm so sorry about that.
Brock Simmons: Not a problem. A little alone. So I know
Richelle Direny: I was asking you, I'm
Richelle Direny: What I was saying to you.
Richelle Direny: Did the thing with her. What I like about her because I started kind of following her as well is that she um she takes, pretty much. It's like okay she has a Biblical perspective, but she puts real life.
Richelle Direny: Reality with
Richelle Direny: This. So, um, it maybe eventually your wife will join you. If you find one that
Brock Simmons: She will
Richelle Direny: What what stood out to you the most.
Brock Simmons: What's that
Richelle Direny: What stood out to you. Animals that made it interesting to watch a second one.
Brock Simmons: Um, I don't know just what this staff, the outlook, she has on things very, I don't know, she's
Brock Simmons: I can't explain it. I don't know. I don't know if you wanna. I don't know. It was really touching and she was just she lived that life of being
Brock Simmons: Criticized and stuff for being gay or whatnot, or whatever it is. And I don't know, I just kind of touch far so aren't really like that all the time, it is I can't explain it. It just kind of hit home or it was
Brock Simmons: Everything she talked about she has an explanation, very good with what she says the words that she says
Brock Simmons: My spirituality, I've kind of like that away from all that for a long period of time. So I'm just now getting back into gwan charts and stuff like that. Just watching that the Holy Ghost from. Oh, no. That's what we call it, but
Brock Simmons: She started crying. And here I'm getting all worked up
Brock Simmons: And
Brock Simmons: I really do want to watch another video maybe tonight before I go to work, sometime this
Richelle Direny: Was the latter like after I watched the first one I started kind of bingeing the video.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah, that's how I'm doing lately, and it's like
Brock Simmons: She just has a very good way of getting a point across. And she talks about things very educational with, you know, the whole spirituality aspect of it. So I really like I'm going to continue to patches, so
Richelle Direny: Well, one of the things that she did say what I liked what stood out was that like, especially as it's related to your son like at the end of the day, you still have to love them.
Richelle Direny: Like right never stopped loving them regardless of if you don't agree with maybe their lifestyle because or whatever it is you love them and that's kind of were like, you know, feeling like an outcast. And, and I think that's the deepest when you're your own family turns against yeah
Brock Simmons: Yeah, and I actually listened to the church that she was attending. I don't know, she attends that same chose our level of basis or she switches what the guy that was that lead to death church. He actually had a good time herbaceous wants to do. He was very good. I don't know.
Brock Simmons: It was one in Illinois. I know that I need to
Richelle Direny: Think I don't know she I think she visit, Sarah. I think they used to live there. I don't know what her she attends I just know that
Richelle Direny: I think. She's a, she's a speaker so she goes.
Richelle Direny: To different places.
Brock Simmons: And she crossed. Absolutely.
Richelle Direny: So, but it's very interrelated. But if you find that it's touching other aspects and other areas that I think for you.
Richelle Direny: Now segue into kind of one of the things that may look to see you.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, and just gives me a different outlook one how my son fils and just the things that she went through people criticize stuff.
Brock Simmons: I mean, I, I'm starting to come around with the whole thing. I mean, we'll get along so much better than what we was
Brock Simmons: I'm just like one except it was hard for a long time, but finally come around just accepted it in English so much better than what it was and not as toxic arguing all the time.
Richelle Direny: Difference. So the question is, is it that you're accepting of
Richelle Direny: How would I say
Richelle Direny: Are you accepting of the lifestyle or are you accepting of the choice because I think that's a different if you're accepting of like at the end of the day.
Richelle Direny: His choices. His choice. There's nothing like you make your own choices. Your wife makes her choices, all of your children make their choices. We have to come to a place of accepting their choices.
Richelle Direny: What they have to understand this is your choice. Whatever comes beyond that. Remember it is your choice. And you have to live out whatever your what comes with those choices.
Richelle Direny: And that I may not necessarily agree with it, but it's still your choices and it doesn't change my love because at the end of the day, it's still your child and you still love your child, but you have to just be accepting of their choices. And that's what it is.
Richelle Direny: Right, you understand if you're trying to
Richelle Direny: Feed for a murder. Are you going to stop loving them simply because
Brock Simmons: Right. Yeah, I think, a little bit of both. I accept both. I mean, the choices that he makes or just I'm there for him. Regardless, now, and I don't have to worry about criticizing the move over.
Brock Simmons: I just expected more as my first son, that's all i just i wanted more. And I played sports growing up and I wanted, I just had so much more plan.
Brock Simmons: They just read verse. But what am I going to get through it.
Brock Simmons: I don't. Oh.
Richelle Direny: I see, I think, would it make you feel, I don't feel better is, though, but it. Look at the lens all parents every last one of us. Mom, Dad, every last one of us.
Richelle Direny: Right children. We all have certain expectations of our children.
Brock Simmons: Right and disappointment as well. I just want
Richelle Direny: That but it's not about the disappointments right now you have great if you're if you're a big football fan. If you're a football player, you have a son, what do you immediately expect
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: He's gonna bring on that mantle. Right.
Absolutely.
Richelle Direny: But then he likes battling
Brock Simmons: When I went through like ballet and all
Richelle Direny: That. So that's like a humongous like here's a took a dagger to my heart. What do you mean you like ballet. That's not what I had for you, but this is not about you said about your life. It's about fears and what it is that they want to do.
Richelle Direny: Except in the years to come to a place of acceptance of that. And I think that's all of us have to deal with that and go through that, you know, in our
Brock Simmons: longest time I thought it was something that I had done on me. I put a lot of guilt on me. I mean, what did I do wrong because I did go to prison for a long time. I wasn't there. So,
Brock Simmons: It was just a big is chaos. For the longest time, but I would definitely is so much better. We are now. I still have problems when friends come over. I mean, I still kind of
Brock Simmons: That he's 17 but to be 18 so
Brock Simmons: I still have some trouble some problems with certain things, but
Richelle Direny: There are certain rules and guidelines. So you believe that you have. Do you, do you have certain rules in your home that you want them to always respect.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, absolutely. I got rules. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Well that's and that's just how you have to look at it.
Richelle Direny: You don't have to bend your rules to prove that you're accepting anything
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: You have rules you have rules if if you if you have daughters. Right.
Brock Simmons: Yeah we up to
Richelle Direny: Okay. Are you or is one of your rules is that you can't have any you can't bring bring in a whole bunch of men in my house.
Brock Simmons: Right yeah after nine o'clock 10 O'clock 10 o'clock the latest trends are going on. Yeah, that's
Richelle Direny: Well, now are you going to not bend the rules because she says that. Oh, you don't love me and you don't accept me and are you on your rules because of that.
No.
Brock Simmons: Not at all.
Richelle Direny: Tell your wife, it's me. Who sent you the text.
Brock Simmons: Bad
Brock Simmons: She's downstairs, she she come up and open the door and she's trying to say something.
Richelle Direny: Sorry, just me who said
Brock Simmons: Do you have a date and time for our next individual push way out. Or I mean I'm not rushing or anything like that. I just wanted to
Richelle Direny: Know,
Brock Simmons: I mean you guys must be getting super busy with clients. I mean, you seem like you push two weeks out every time I said one appointment.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and it would be to eat fat.
Brock Simmons: So the whole
Brock Simmons: Right. Her health. She must be doing pretty good. Now, I mean, when I first went
Richelle Direny: Into consideration. I'm push two weeks out because majority of the people I see her in the evening.
Brock Simmons: Oh, yeah.
Richelle Direny: If I was during a during the day, it probably wouldn't be as bad. And then everyone has, you know,
Richelle Direny: Until in the other thing is that when people don't show for their appointments, it makes it really hard because they fill them in different slots so the two weeks that would bring you to the 11th.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, look.
Richelle Direny: At five. Okay.
Brock Simmons: That'll work. I have another question for you too will show I run out of medicine Wednesday, I won't have no muscle Wednesday I don't go till Thursday but it'd be all right. Just go over till Thursday, or should I try to get a hold of the dark. I mean, it's no big deal. I will wait a day.
Brock Simmons: I've just
Richelle Direny: Heard no because I thought that
Richelle Direny: Wednesday is the last day. You take your men.
Brock Simmons: So the Tuesday evening, be my last job, so I'll be out Wednesday and Thursday.
Richelle Direny: Alright, so I'll let her know because technically it's supposed to. I think your last those would be Wednesday. And then when you see her on Thursday, you get your next
Brock Simmons: Slide. But what happened to pharmacy didn't fill them till they weren't feeling that day, she put them in. So I was already a day late on getting them.
Brock Simmons: I don't know how it sounded out. But somehow, and I'll be out Tuesday. So I don't know. I can't wait till those dates and that's no big deal, but I didn't know if you could send me an email or what
Brock Simmons: The deal was because
Richelle Direny: I can. What group do you come to you come to the six o'clock or
Brock Simmons: This Thursday. I'm going to come to the 12 to one, because we have a we're going to go to Tammy, so it'll get together that evening, so I won't be able to attend to six to 7am until 12 the one
Richelle Direny: Are you still working.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I'm still working well.
Brock Simmons: Ya know,
Brock Simmons: And I
Didn't get
Brock Simmons: We didn't get laid off because I would making parts actually for the coronavirus testing little springs for the virus testing panels or whatever supposedly
Brock Simmons: Our
Brock Simmons: Old School screw shop and that's when making on for the testing. I don't know what it is. I haven't got the full details, but so we tiny little screw our spring that we make for so
Brock Simmons: I got lucky. I mean, I wanted to get laid off to first within us more I think about. I'm glad I did. Because when we probably never make it. We are
Richelle Direny: You said you wanted to get later.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. First, I was hoping that we did. I was kind of pissed off. But then I started thinking how I won't be able to make it on $300 a week on employment. I mean, that would be they're devastated really
Richelle Direny: Yeah, and then you would, um, you know, it's that easy. Get an attractive, depending on what your traders.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. And then I never did get my stimulus money, neither. They never did deposit in my money, but hopefully they'll have that worked out this week supposed to have it worked out this week.
Richelle Direny: Okay, how can I want to go over
Brock Simmons: My wife got hers, but I didn't get it.
Brock Simmons: So I'm not sure. We'll get it figured out this week about a lot of
Richelle Direny: No, no, no, no one in her like with Tammy or her family or anything like that. No one was exposed
Brock Simmons: They were
Richelle Direny: They were nobody was exposed to the coronavirus
Brock Simmons: No, nothing like that. No, not that we're aware of. We're talking about that too. I think this weekend, we'll just talk about it because she just got very sick fast like
Brock Simmons: From the videos where we use on when she was have hardly ever in the video. But then when she was in the videos were very bad. I don't know what happened. I will never know the truth. I mean, Tammy only knows
Richelle Direny: Everything on the reason why I asked about the corona because there's something that you also have to think
Richelle Direny: About is that I'm
Richelle Direny: Being exposed to the corona where it is a respiratory I'm thing.
Brock Simmons: Right.
Richelle Direny: I don't like you are a smoker. So, you know, if you were ever supposed to contracted, given that your lungs are already compromised. You also have to
Richelle Direny: Kind of have that knowledge that you don't want to put yourself in harm's way, because I'm sure if you've ever gotten a coal. It seems like 10 times worse for you because
Sorry harder.
Brock Simmons: As far as I know, she never did contract the virus, but we haven't seen we haven't been in contact with her probably a good month before she died so
Brock Simmons: It may be longer than a motivated than a month and a half. You didn't go down and see, she was into other things in my life. But I know part of that.
Brock Simmons: She had people hanging out down and this one's no good. So my wife did was for down
Brock Simmons: I hope she didn't. I mean, will say we didn't. We haven't had no contact with him.
Richelle Direny: Alright, man. Alright, let me look at your plan here.
Brock Simmons: What is the Florida open them back up and he said when everyone open the state that
Richelle Direny: Seems like they're opening of the whole United States me first.
Richelle Direny: Say that earlier that they're opening it up, me first.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I don't know if that's a good idea. They should I think we should wait a little bit longer but everybody's in a big hurry to get
Richelle Direny: You can go out there. First, let me see if anything happens to you, and then I decide whether or not I want to go.
Brock Simmons: I'm not in it every day, every night. So I mean that's it's scary, but at the same time, it's gotta be. It's gotta do.
Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: I wanted to ask you, um, so let's take the next like 20 minutes 2025 minutes to kind of talk about, you know, what are your goals. Like, what are some of your exclusively in light of everything that's going on now things that maybe you have experienced um
Richelle Direny: You're on your journey and like you said that you know you're doing you're in a better place. And today you haven't done any relax, you're feeling much better and
Richelle Direny: Everything as it is right now. What are some of what's your long term goal. And that's kind of how we come up with a short term goal.
Brock Simmons: I know we had talked before I have 12% left on my phone and I don't have an extension for two weeks over there, but we should be okay. We talked before about education. I don't have my diploma. I don't have any kind of education on my drop out. So that has always been told.
Brock Simmons: Not too long ago I took the test and I had passed it. But then took the test and have failed it. That was two years ago. So I don't know if you consider that a long term goal.
Richelle Direny: What do you want to get your GED.
Richelle Direny: You know you did. You did.
Richelle Direny: You did not get a high school diploma.
Brock Simmons: No, no, I
Richelle Direny: I get your GED.
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, that's a goal that's a long term goal because that's something you're gonna work towards. Now the what your objective is, is that how are you going to work towards getting back
Brock Simmons: Right. Well, I mean, that for sure to China me opens back up to, you know, schedule appointment and gets a professional and you got to go through classes here in Ohio. So I'm waiting for, but
Brock Simmons: You got to go to classes once a week, twice a week, I think.
Brock Simmons: Eventually work the way up to take the test.
Brock Simmons: So that was that was
Richelle Direny: Your goal you want to, you want to be able to get your GED in the next six months to a year.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, absolutely. Within the next 90 days, really. I mean to take the test. I'd like to take the test within 90 days because I get a rate at my job if I do get my GED. They didn't want me to get it and I just asked me.
Brock Simmons: So I did a $2 raise as soon as I get my GV
Richelle Direny: You think you got to diaries.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I will get a $2 raise if I get my GED. So within the next 90 days, I would like to at least
Brock Simmons: That's my goal and
Brock Simmons: I don't know if that's too short time span timestamp, but
Richelle Direny: Well, it is.
Richelle Direny: Because you don't want to. You don't want to set yourself up for failure.
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah, don't worry.
Richelle Direny: About, um, how long have you been out of school.
Brock Simmons: Since a nice break how
Brock Simmons: Long time good 15 years 20 years yeah about 20
Richelle Direny: Okay, so think about this, what, how old are you now.
Richelle Direny: 35 okay so you would 35 ninth grade. So you're saying
Richelle Direny: Maybe a good
Richelle Direny: 19 1819 1819 years
Richelle Direny: So if you think about that you've been out of school and you've been out of the game, a long time.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, but at the same time. So I went to detoxes and I went to school there too. I went to CBC, and I went to school. The whole six months I was there. So I kind of doubt request a little bit or
Richelle Direny: Go with that.
Brock Simmons: Let's say that one was probably two years ago I was in crossroads back in 2016. So that would be my last times 2016
Richelle Direny: I were in 20. So that's four years ago going on for years ago maybe not a full four years ago. It's still your brain is
Richelle Direny: Because remember, a GED. Is that a cumulative of everything that you would have learned in school, they're going to put on on a test and you have to be able to pass it.
Richelle Direny: But so
Richelle Direny: You have to be realistic to
Richelle Direny: How, when you were in school. If you did apply yourself. Where are you, did you grasp the information quickly did it take you a little while longer than other people to get the information
Brock Simmons: I've always been a fast one I'm usually pretty fast. I mean, I'm not very not I wouldn't say
Brock Simmons: I would say average I picked up really quick. I mean, a
Brock Simmons: Thumbs up fairly quick. And while I go over it and
Brock Simmons: Let's say, six months. Let's just go with the time frame.
Richelle Direny: So it's just thinking
Richelle Direny: I think six months because then it gives you that amount of time.
Richelle Direny: To one with the economy.
Right.
Richelle Direny: To be able to start applying for the program, getting the materials and studying a little bit because you have to make
Richelle Direny: You have to structure yourself. You have to make a realistic goal, like every day for maybe an hour, you're going to review the information and then set that time to study. I mean, I don't know how you might be a little bit different. I did it.
Richelle Direny: With someone here in Florida, and it wasn't like they said it was an it's a cumulative exam. Um, you can test out of it. If you feel some people could go and just didn't they test right out of it.
Richelle Direny: You want to wait to study help your kids in school.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I've tried that and instead of waiting to teach our kids nowadays math and someone cares so much different than what we learned this lattice stuff. And I just, I don't understand it. I will
Brock Simmons: Just do a simple, you know, carry a one over and they know stuff like that. I did not understand this, if
Richelle Direny: I could tell you right now. Google is your friend.
Brock Simmons: Right, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Google is your friend. Hold on.
Brock Simmons: But yeah, that is one of my long term goals here lately is the GD and then
Brock Simmons: I don't know. I really haven't thought outside of that. Be honest.
Richelle Direny: So one of the ways I'm in the next, we're in April. So the first which is technically next week. They're talking about opening up everything.
Richelle Direny: So I would say in the next month and a half, you will gather all the information that you will need.
Richelle Direny: To start the process.
Brock Simmons: Right, absolutely. Yeah, I spoke with my supervisor at work and I told them. I told him by the end of this month. By the end of May, I would have been class taken hopefully to take it because they want to move me up. They want to promote me to a
Brock Simmons: Different position so that is definitely something I will be getting on so
Richelle Direny: Again, you don't want to. Oh, because sometimes we don't realize how much stress we put on ourselves because we make these
Richelle Direny: You won your husband, your, your father. You have to provide you have to do all these things and you don't want to put too much stressors on yourself and you put these goals and you try to meet them and then you get frustrated because you can't meet them.
Richelle Direny: Can do that.
Brock Simmons: I've done it several times I get overwhelmed and I just, I've actually relapsed a couple times like that because I would get so overwhelmed with the things that I would schedule or it's just it it's asking so I definitely know what you're talking about there.
Richelle Direny: I'm so one of the goals I would put it identify any barriers that will hinder you from
Richelle Direny: Meeting. Your goal you at least for short term goal.
Richelle Direny: Because you on you. You have to be able to identify any buyer to meet your short term goal, which is trying to get into the next six months.
Brock Simmons: And what do you say a month and a half, like
Richelle Direny: In a month and a half, you're going to give yourself a month and a half to at least gather whatever information is required to start the program. So whether it's calling the school. I'm getting whatever materials they tell you to get that's what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: All right, then you're going to identify the barriers. That's going to stop it. Because if you identify the barriers, then
Richelle Direny: Ultimately, you just said one of your triggers is when you get overwhelmed, is that I mean one of your triggers is getting overwhelmed and that leads to a relapse. So if
Richelle Direny: You set this goal a month and a half, even if it happens in the next three weeks. Wonderful. But you're giving yourself mentally. I have a month and a half in that time, I'm going to identify any barriers. That's going to stop me.
Richelle Direny: And why like and verify those barriers. What I'm going to do is set on
Richelle Direny: That maybe how long do you think for you in the time with work and everything that you have going on that you can say you can study each day.
Brock Simmons: He say I have five minutes. I mean, I usually sleep till about 230 or three. That was the time that my son would get home from school, so I would have at least a good hour, hour and a half.
Brock Simmons: It would definitely changed on Thursdays that I have stuff like that, of course, but a bitchy Lauer's. I mean, that's
Richelle Direny: I say you will study a minimum of one hour each day.
Brock Simmons: Our that's our that's
Richelle Direny: A minimum because if you can put more into it. But if you say a minimum of one hour, then it will you got 24 hours in a day, even if you say after because remember your ultimate goal is that you want to get a race.
Brock Simmons: Right. Yeah, absolutely.
Richelle Direny: So I want to get my DG which
Richelle Direny: Will ultimately
Brock Simmons: Well you got like a case plan or something that you got to do that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, yeah, like you're a goal that you're working like what every time that we meet, what are you working towards
Richelle Direny: And then you change it.
Richelle Direny: So in that. Meantime, you're able. So in terms of a relapse prevention program you're identifying all of that because you're not we're not going to talk about alcohol. Every time we speak, you're talking about those things that will cause a relax.
Right.
Richelle Direny: It will study a minimum of one hour.
Richelle Direny: Six days.
Brock Simmons: A week
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you have to give yourself if you study more. That's fine.
Brock Simmons: You have to give yourself a day.
Richelle Direny: Of rest because once you feel like you're ready you can then there was one session that we can say, okay, what are you going to set your, your, your test to take your test and try to because that your focus is being able to climb Jacob's Ladder ultimately
Brock Simmons: Right, I understand what you're saying. Yeah, just make it realistic timeframes and just
Brock Simmons: Not overwhelming myself like we just talked about earlier. This hour a day saying, hey, I should be able to accomplish. No doubt about it.
Richelle Direny: That's it. You should be able to accomplish it. And I think you know what I personally don't like taking cumulative exams, only because our comprehensive is what they say. Um, I don't like taking them because you tell me this study all this stuff.
Richelle Direny: But maybe 100 questions on it.
Brock Simmons: Right, I don't want
Brock Simmons: Yeah yeah my
Brock Simmons: Days. I'm never been good at essays and I know nerd, Ohio. They have chains will use the essay is like 40% of your it's that's my where I struggle and also
Richelle Direny: A writer. If you're not a writer. They give you a topic and they tell you to write
Richelle Direny: For you. Oh, not at all. I'm not
Richelle Direny: How much can you come up with
Brock Simmons: Yeah, I don't know if it's my end to your end, but in my, in my getting bad reception on your end,
Brock Simmons: Is, you know, so it might be mine.
Richelle Direny: I know you said to me.
Brock Simmons: All right.
Richelle Direny: You did you say your battery's dying.
Brock Simmons: Yeah. Now, I probably have
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I'm here.
Brock Simmons: All right, well, yeah, I didn't say how much I had yeah I don't have much I was going to get a
Richelle Direny: Victory is dying when your batteries and I think it does do that. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: And everything so shaky.
Brock Simmons: Such
Brock Simmons: A. So I wanted to go run down and get an extension for us and global and
Brock Simmons: You should know
Richelle Direny: What should be here in another
Brock Simmons: Minute.
Richelle Direny: And he
Richelle Direny: Said that that's the only that you can think of right now.
Yeah.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, seems fairly meaningless.
Richelle Direny: That that's
Richelle Direny: That's because
Richelle Direny: That's the big thing that you're working on right now or that's what you're thinking about, let's do that just
Richelle Direny: Doing. Yeah. Um, what are some emotional triggers for you that you can identify
Brock Simmons: And what do you mean by emotion you mean by like anger, stuff like that.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, when you're looking at relapse prevention, like what are some things that are a trigger for
Brock Simmons: Definitely anger. Anger is a big children. I don't know if that's an emotion or feeling but
Richelle Direny: It's a big emotion, the feeling into all of that.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, and definitely you know like Tammy dying. I wouldn't say necessarily about a family member. I have lots
Brock Simmons: If you're here.
Richelle Direny: feelings and emotions about said. Mm hmm. Yeah you froze. A little bit. You said that Tammy certainly Timmy.
Richelle Direny: You froze for a little bit. You said Tammy dying like you're saying
Richelle Direny: A family member died from a relaxing when she said her overdose.
Brock Simmons: Yeah, yeah. I've actually relapse couple times when a family members died just
Brock Simmons: being overwhelmed with villains and just, I don't know how you can export it.
Richelle Direny: And anger and loss of a loved one.
Right.
Richelle Direny: Fear.
Brock Simmons: stay busy. I got to be working, stuff like that. I like that too much downtime. They're usually nine times out of 10 laughs busy throughout my day.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah.
Brock Simmons: I don't know.
Brock Simmons: What filling that would be what emotion. We put in that
Brock Simmons: That we're
Brock Simmons: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: If you can hear me your thing is breaking up a lot now.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.